# Privacy Policy

The use of this application ("TearDrops") in a server requires the collection of some specific user data ("Data").
The Data that can be accessed includes, but is not limited to, user names, user nicknames, and Discord user ID values.
The Data collected, that is collected at the moment is- The Discord user ID value for users.
Use of TearDrops is considered an agreement to the terms of this Policy.

## What is considered User Data?:
```
User Data refers to all data, information and other content of any type and in
any format, medium or form, whether text, audio, visual or other, that is input,
uploaded to, linked to or sent on Discord's service by any device, system or
network by or on behalf of the individual.
```

## What Data is stored?:
Currently TearDrops only stores the following Data-
```
- DISCORD SERVER ID
- DISCORD SERVER NAME
- DISCORD USER ID
```
However, the application _can_ access the following data when executing commands-
```
- DISCORD USER ID
- USER INPUT (for a command of the format "qq <command_name> <input>")
- DISCORD USERNAME (or "Tag" including the Discriminator #XXXX)
- USER's Membership status inside the server(check if USER is leaving or joining the server)
- USER's DISCORD AVATAR
- USER's PERMISSIONS (permisions in the server allowed by the server)
- USER's ROLES (in the server in which the command is executed)
- USER SERVER NICKNAME
- MESSAGE ID (of the command that a user executes)
- NAME of the DISCORD SERVER
- ID of the DISCORD SERVER
```

## Access to Data:
Access to Data is only permitted to Tear Drops' developers, and only in the scope required for the development,
testing, and implementation of features for TearDrops. Data is not sold, provided to, or shared with any third party,
except where required by law or a Terms of Service agreement. You can view the data upon request from @Vyvy-vi.
Data can be viewed by user on request, however, no other server members or owners would be permittted to view data
for the whole server, unless, the data requested is regarding the levelling and economy system.
There is one form of user "input", that is passed on to third party software:
User input for commands.
(this includes, sharing of user-mentioned location with weather API and number inputs for comic pages and inputed name of subbredit with a custom API)

## Storage of Data:
Data is stored in a MongoDB database.
The database is secured to prevent external access, however no guarantee is provided and
TearDrops' owners or contributors assume no liability for the unintentional or malicious breach of Data.
In the event of an unauthorised Data access, users will be notified through the Discord client application.
User data is stored in the following-
```
DISCORD SERVER ID > {
  {SERVER NAME, SERVER ID}
  { DATABASE_ID(this is a unique hex code that mongo makes for each document),
    USER DISCORD ID,
    USER EXP IN SERVER(this is a number that relates to the xp in the levelling system),
    LEVEL(user level for the server),
    CREDITS(User credits in the bot economy system),
    CREDIT_WITHDRAWAL_TIME(this is a timestamp of the last time the credit withdrawal command was used)
  }
}
```
In the above most of the Data stored does not come under User Data, since it is Data generated by us.
Moreover, the stored Discord User Ids are publically available information.
In no form, is any discord message data stored anywhere off-platform by TearDrops.

### Scope of what slightly wrong _can_ be done using the data we store:
**NOTE**- We do not take part in doing any of these
- Compile a list of all the servers one person is in, that use this bot
- Compile a list of user ids of people that are in the same servers, that use this bot

## Our plans for more secure and private data solutions for the bot:
- Implement Data deletion commands, that lets users delete all of their data from the application.
- Implement On Leaving a server, automatic deletion of server's data in the bot's db.
- Implement encryption to the applications, esp. when it expands to have more features.
- Implement data-opt-out commands that a user can use to disable storage of any data.
- Ensure application safety for the mongodb instance.

## Contact:
If you have any queries or concerns or want to request access to your Data, contact @Vyvy-vi.
At any time, you have the right to request to view the Data pertaining to your Discord account.
ou may submit a request through the [Discord Server](http://chat.vyvy-vi.ninja). You have the right to request the removal of relevant Data.
For more information check [Discord's Terms of Service](https://discord.com/terms)


---
This Privacy Policy is based on [Becca-Lyrias's Privacy Policy](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/Becca-Lyria/blob/main/PRIVACY.md) made by "[nhcarrigan](https://github.com/nhcarrigan)"
